The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
There's no reason a fake can't do what the real thing would. And it's possible for a fake to be more real than the real thing.
Thinking you know everything there is to know about something will only hold you back, because it prevents you from learning anything new.
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.
When everyone else was thinking it was time for bed, his mind was telling him it's time to get ahead of the competition.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
Educators say that understanding is the key to learning, but how do you understand something if you can't remember it.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
You must learn from the mistakes of others because you can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
And now it's time for Silly Songs with Larry, the part of the show where Larry comes out and sings a silly song.
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
For as it is not one swallow or one fine day that makes a spring, so it is not one day or a short time that makes a man blessed and happy.
Stop the world and let me off, I'm tired of going round and round. I played the game of love and lost. So stop the world and let me off.
I don't want to talk about it! Every time I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.
But when you lose something you love, faith takes over. You have to pay attention to what you lost. You have to undo the expectation.
Well, we used to look up in the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Who cares if we don't see the sun shine ever again? I want you more than any blue sky. The weather can go crazy.
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
Things didn't turn out the way they're supposed to, but what can you do? You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now.
Sometimes the briefest moments capture us, force us to take them in, and demand that we live the rest of our lives in reference to them.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.
It's not a question but a lesson learned in time. It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right. I hope you had the time of your life.
Losing you would end my life you see, 'cause you mean that much to me. You could have told me yourself that you loved someone else.
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.
Just because something bears the aspect of the inevitable one should not, therefore, go along willingly with it.
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?
They say that money doesn't bring you happiness, I say neither does being broke, so let me suffer with a new car.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope that I find it along the way.
And when he came to, he was flat on his back on the beach in the freezing sand, and it was raining out of a low sky, and the tide was way out.
A few minutes ago, I almost made the biggest mistake of my professional life and it was because I was doing something that just wasn't me.
What's the use you learning to do right when it's troublesome to do right and ain't no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same?
We got questions we should not ask, but how would you feel if I told you I loved you? It's just something that I want to do.
It's sad to say that kids unaccepted by their peers really never learn how to get along with people in the big grown up world.
Now and again we try to just stay alive, maybe we'll turn it all around 'cause it's not too late. It's never too late.
If a person can't answer directly to your question, it's either the answer is too painful for you to know or too hard for them to admit.
But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more, just to be the man who walks a thousand miles to fall down at your door.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
I hated that having done the right thing was somehow considered wrong. And I hated that there didn't seem to be any other way to survive school.
I had considered how the things that never happen are often as much realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished.
There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
When has anyone ever told me I had the right to stop it all without my knuckles, or my anger, with just some simple words.
You must have a goal because it's just as difficult to reach a destination you don't have, as it is to come back from a place you've never been.
It's just that I learned a while ago that the best way to get people to like you is not to like them too much.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.
Many people say that even if they don't know much about many things, at least they know what they like. But no, sorry sucker, hard luck!
If the world thinks you're a monster, what does it matter? The world is wrong. But when you start to think of yourself as a monster...
You have technicians here making noise. No one is a musician, they are not artists because nobody can play the guitar.
Anywhere can be paradise, as long as you have the will to live. After all, you are alive, so you will always have the chance to be happy.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it.
Why is it, every time something terrible happens, everyone tells you the worst thing that ever happened to them, as though that makes it easier?
Did you know? There are three kinds of aces. Those who seek strength, those who live for pride, and those who can read the tide of battle.
If everyone keeps asking you the same questions, maybe you have to come up with new answers just to stay awake.
All these fears and all this love, all you've given me, it's not enough. All my dreams and all this stuff, all made real... it's not enough.
I have a dream, a song to sing, to help me cope with anything. If you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail.
I can hear those echoes in the wind at night calling me back in time, back to you, in a place far away where the water meets the sky.
You can have my isolation, you can have the hate that it brings, you can have my absence of faith, you can have my everything.
The highlander seemed to float through life very much the same as a cloud in an empty sky, touching nothing, leaving no trace of his passing.
In the beginning, the Universe was created. This had made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Sometimes terrible things happen, but there's nothing more terrible than not having anybody to tell it to.
I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land.
You know when I was your age, I went out to fishing with all my brothers and my father, and everybody. And I was the only one who caught a fish.
For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it.
For string theory to make sense, the universe should have nine space dimensions and one time dimension, for a total of ten dimensions.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain!
Cardan looks at me as though he's never seen me before. He looks at me as though no one has ever spoken to him like this. Maybe no one has.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
I always loved you, and if one loves anyone, one loves the whole person, just as they are and not as one would like them to be.
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise.
I remember way back then when everything was true and when we would have such a very good time. Such a fine time, such a happy time.
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
I only lose my fear when I run. I won't lose a tear when I run. I won't find a heart so I run. And now the time is right so we run.
If I were to take even one step back right now, I get the feeling that I'd never be able to return back to where I'm standing right now.
Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.
Because you're like a story that hasn't happened yet. Because I want to see what you will do. I want to be part of the unfolding of the tale.
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
Words have the power to both destroy and heal. When words are both true and kind, they can change our world.
All that is now, all that is gone, and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.
When someone betrays your trust, it feels like a part of you dies. For me, I guess it was the part that cared.
So I walk into the sun. I thought you'd be there, but you could fool anyone. In the red water dust, will I see you soon, or did we move on?
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
I get to thinking of all the things you said. You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me in everything I do.
What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered?
I think you're still trying to figure out where you are. Where that ship of yours is. How to get back to that life.
When you go into the ER, one of the first things they ask you to do is rate your pain on a scale of one to ten.
Expect the unexpected, they say, but once the unexpected happens, the last thing you expect is that it will happen again.
He became thinner and taller, and his face took on a kind of pained expression which made it almost interesting.
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. And there is good which can come from evil intentions.
Come on now, we're going to go build a mirror factory first and put out nothing but mirrors for the next year and take a long look in them.
And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
Our existence on this planet may well depend on the decisions we make and the actions we take. Now is the time to act!
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
When I close my eyes, I am at the center of the sun. And I cannot be hurt by anything this wicked world has done.
Even in the darkest times and places there were always good people. People who would help others out of the kindness of their hearts.
Men always believe that. With a law degree you're taking on insurance. After that you can do anything you want. You can work for me.
Have pity on me and heal me, for you see that I have become a problem to myself, and this is the ailment from which I suffer.
It's not a game if you're not having fun. It doesn't mean anything if you just focus on winning or losing.
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke. Now, I know you know this bloke. This is a bloke you know.
Do you think politics is only about winning the argument? That whoever has the right fact at the right moment wins?
Do you realize that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years?
I think if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
I know nobody knows, where it comes and where it goes. I know it's everybody's sin, you got to lose to know how to win.
It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world and give mine back to me so much better.
The poor man determined to find another home, hoping that when they no longer met every day his enemy would forget all about him.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
In his dealings with the world the gentleman is not invariably for or against anything. He is on the side of what is moral.
Power is a lot like real estate. It's all about location, location, location. The closer you are to the source, the higher your property value.
We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought.
It's been a long day without you, my friend, and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again. We've come a long way from where we began.
Sometimes in our lives we all have pain, we all have sorrow, but if we are wise we know that there's always tomorrow.
You see, I'm moving on fast. Finally got the pass, gonna leave this thing behind. You cut deep, but you don't see, you don't care.
You should enjoy the little detours to the fullest. Because that's where you'll find the things more important than what you want.
Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong.
She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her.
A rational investor should be willing to pay a higher price for a share the larger the growth rate of dividends and earnings.
If you want to leave, take good care. Hope you have a lot of nice things to wear, but then a lot of nice things turn bad out there.
There's a love that's divine and it's yours and it's mine. Like the sun at the end of the day, we should give thanks and pray to the One.
People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
There was a long hard time when I kept far from me the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth.
If I had known you were going to come straight up to my office I would not have bothered hunting you in the first place.
You will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do.
Sometimes all I want to do is head west on twenty in a car I can't afford with a plan I don't have. Just me, my music and the road.
You gave me love and helped me find the sun, and every time that I was down you would always come around and get my feet back on the ground.
Somewhere out there, someone's saying a prayer that we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there.
This was the first salmon I had seen and perfectly convinced me that we were on the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.
Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it.
If you challenge the conventional wisdom, you will find ways to do things much better than they are currently done.
The alternative is unconsciousness, the default setting, the rat race, the constant gnawing sense of having had and lost some infinite thing.
In another time, another culture, he may have been a seer, a shaman priest. In our world he's a shoe salesman and lives among the shadows.
You have been on my mind, I've been trying to let it go. I've been trying to find something as incredible.
But physical interpretation, which is in general a very sure guide and had been most often such for me, misled me in that case.
It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat, that's all the truth I know.
Now kids, just 'cause we lost the family stand doesn't mean we can't sell our produce out of a janky wheelbarrow.
Maybe you should come with me for a few weeks. See what happens. See how much you learn. Then, we'll talk about your future.
Works of art participate in our lives; we are not just distant observers of their lives. They are in conversation among themselves and with us.
There can be no covenants between men and lions, wolves and lambs can never be of one mind, but hate each other out and out and through.
The day will come, according to NASA, that a launch will be so routine that the press and television won't even bother to cover it.
For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you would make my dreams come true.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry.
When you look for it, there is nothing to see. When you listen for it, there is nothing to hear. When you use it, it is inexhaustible.
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to rule them all, and in the darkness bind them.
Reason will not lead to solution. I will end up lost in confusion. I don't care if you really care, as long as you don't go.
There she goes. There she goes again, racing through my brain. And I just can't contain this feeling that remains.
I appreciate but can't accept this thank you note that's sealed with your last breath, and I won't stand aside and listen to you give up.
Arizona moon, keep shining from the desert sky above. You know pretty soon that big yellow moon will light the way back to the one you love.
A moment seen through those eyes, crystal blue disguise. They say that all beauty must die, I say it just moves on.
Are you telling me that not only did you invent a secret plan to fight inflation but now you don't support it?
"Do we still have to floss?" Tommy asked. "I mean, what's the point of being immortal if we have to floss?"
Come on and love me just a little bit. I'm gonna teach you how to sing it out. Come on, let me show you what it's all about.
I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain.
The morning sun in all its glory greets the day with hope and comfort too. And you fill my life with laughter, you can make it better.
Harry, I have no idea where this will lead us, but I have a definite feeling it will be a place both wonderful and strange.
I don't know that I brood. I just occasionally take time out to silently consider the specific ways in which others have wronged me.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live and die on this day. Live and die on this day.
We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, but the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
Something inside me has always been there. But now it's awake. And I don't know what it is or where it came from, but I need help.
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken.
I believe virtually everything I read and I think that is what makes me more of a selective human than someone who doesn't believe anything.
If only sorrow could build a staircase or tears could show the way. I would climb my way to heaven, and bring him back home again.
For it was said that they had become like those peculiar demons which dwell in matter, but in which no light may be found.
We can't retract the decisions we've made. We can only affect the decisions we're going to make from here.
It's the wanting you, never getting you. Keeps me wanting you, missing you. Just to picture you is what gets me through.
Inside his house a kid gets one name, but on the other side of the door, it's whatever the rest of the world wants to call him.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really good-looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
The lady said the Langston who wrote these words is a poet. Seems more like a magician to me, pulling words from my heart I never knew I had.
You know, that might be the answer - to act boastfully about something we ought to be ashamed of. That's a trick that never seems to fail.
You realize that trying to keep your distance from me will not lessen my affection for you. All efforts to save me from you will fail.
If you open your mind for me, you won't rely on open eyes to see. The walls you built within come tumbling down, and a new world will begin.
That's what the money is for! You should be thanking me every morning when you wake up, along with Jesus, for giving you another day!
Show them how to fly away, when this world is torn. If you feel like dying, lose that forever, you're shining and it shows.
The fault lies not with the mob, who demands nonsense, but with those who do not know how to produce anything else.
Being human is about fighting even when it seems hopeless, and finding happiness even in a world that hates it.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Well, the problem is, it's not easy for me to think of ways to improve myself, because I'm pretty much one of the best people I know.
To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken.
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
All the old paintings on the tomb, they do the sand dance, don't you know? If they move too quick, they're falling down like a domino.
When I look up from my pillow, I dream you are there with me. Though you are far away, I know you'll always be near to me.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
I thought I was part of the family. I thought I mattered... But I was just their toy, something to throw away when you're done with it.
I've always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs.
His mother made him eat cooked carrots every day. He had far too many brothers and sisters. And his ears were very big.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.
When we played our charade, we were like children posing. Playing at games, acting out names, guessing the parts we played.
And when the car broke down, they started walking. But where were they going without ever knowing the way?
You have an urgent look about you... Has something happened? Whatever it is, from the look on your face I suspect that it is no laughing matter.
Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
You know, this place makes me wonder, which would be worse... to live as a monster? Or to die as a good man?
How can you say I go about things the wrong way? I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does.
I wish that you were here with me. Well then there's hope yet. I can see your face in our secret place. You're not just a memory.
Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move.
You're gonna blame me because you were the business head of the company and you made a bad business deal with your own company?
I gotta tell you at this point the length of this conversation is way out of proportion to my interest in it.
You're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you don't know for sure.
There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Borrowing implies the eventual intention to return the thing that was taken. What makes you think I would ever give you back?
My mind is a raging torrent, flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives.
In every generation there is a Chosen One. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the Slayer.
You know what the trouble is, Brucey? We used to make stuff in this country, build stuff. Now we just put our hand in the next guy's pocket.
We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind to new horizons. And for one brief moment, you did.
Now that I know what I'm without, you can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real, bring me to life.
Don't tell me it's not worth trying for. You can't tell me it's not worth dying for. You know it's true. Everything I do, I do it for you.
Do we have to put up with this? I mean, can't we get a better actor? I know it's a small part, but I think we can do better than this.
I do not often laugh, sir, as you may perceive by the air of my countenance; but nevertheless, I retain the privilege of laughing when I please.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Reading books doesn't make you smarter. Reading smart books makes you smarter. Reading dumb books makes you dumber.
Cordelia, I have at least three lives to contend with, none of which really mesh. It's kind of like oil and water and a third unmeshable thing.
So they're gonna dump the unions so they can come here and hire us at scab wages and then for that privilege we get to pay their taxes.
Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
You'll tell them it didn't work out because it didn't. And you'll tell them the next thing will be better because it always is.
The funny thing is, on the outside, I was an honest man, straight as an arrow. I had to come to prison to be a crook.
Read books. Devouring them with the speed of two people famished for words, ideas, and beautiful sentences that make you feel everything.
It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Smiling faces I can see, but not for me. I sit and watch as tears go by.
If you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. If you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born.
That's the way it is. It's down there and I'm in here. I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.
Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter, and none of those instincts are given much play at the warehouse!
The morning sun, when it's in your face, really shows your age. But that don't worry me none in my eyes, you're everything.
On my way to see my friends who lived a couple blocks away from me. As I walked through the subway it must have been about quarter past three.
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Far from being accidental details, the properties of nature's basic building blocks are deeply entwined with the fabric of space and time.
It took a lot of energy to ask that question. I wished he had answered it. I don't know when I'll be able to ask it again.
That's what pain does. It shows you what was on the inside, and inside of you is pure gold. I know that. Your father knew that too.
But no artist, I now realize, can be satisfied with art alone. There is a natural craving for recognition which cannot be gain-said.
From Russia with love I fly to you much wiser since my goodbye to you. I've traveled the world to learn. I must return from Russia with love.
I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you. It's so intense that sometimes it's blinding.
You've always mistaken your vanity for love. It's your final mistake. Go and kill the only man I ever cared for.
For one who contradicts emptiness there would be nothing that ought to be done; activity would be uninitiated and an agent would be non-acting.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
Nothing. It was like being deep in outer space, so far away from everything else that he couldn't even see any stars.
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.
It's something turians are taught from birth. If even one person is still left standing at the end of a war, then the fight was worth it.
Seems like everybody's got a price. I wonder how they sleep at night when the sale comes first and the truth comes second.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So, wake up, Mister Freeman. Wake up and... smell the ashes...
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
I don't want the money, I want something more. And I've never said that out loud but I can't pretend that's not true anymore.
There will be today, there will be tomorrow, there will be always, and there was yesterday, and there was the day before.
The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat viper. While you watch your enemy go down, you're being poisoned yourself.
We're not saying anything new here. We're just saying the same things that need to be said again and again with fierce conviction.
We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves.
I'll take her laughter and her tears and make them all my souvenirs. For where she goes I've got to be. The meaning of my life is she.
Now that I've lost everything to you, you say you want to start something new, and it's breaking my heart you're leaving.
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
She told me don't worry about it. She told me don't worry no more. We both know we can't go without it. She told me you'll never be alone.
Did you ever know that you're my hero and everything I would like to be? I can fly higher than an eagle, for you are the wind beneath my wings.
Waving colored flags, we won't surrender, there's no standing down. Love's a playing field, it's full of winners, we're breaking new ground.
This is as brave as I know how to be. I know it's gonna hurt you, but please... be a little proud of me. Goodbye, Doctor.
Do you ever wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it? I always wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it!
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
And can you feel the love tonight, it is where we are. It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far.
So if you're feeling lonely, don't. You're the only one I'll ever want. I only want to make it go. So if I love you a little more than I should.
My whole life is other people deciding what's acceptable. When I put on a dress, I get to decide what's silly.
He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication, devotion, turning all the night time into the day.
If you're committed enough, you can make any story work. I once convinced a woman that I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it.
Most people would turn you away. I don't listen to a word they say. They don't see you as I do, I wish they would try to.
I dream of rain, I dream of gardens in the desert sand. I wake in vain. I dream of love as time runs through my hand.
I'm not sure what he thinks is going to happen, but I've decided I'm going to write in it every day if I can.
I really don't mind the rain and a smile can hide all the pain. But you're down when you're ridin' the train that's takin' the long way.
Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm.
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
When you're only having seconds I'm having twenty-thirds. When I go to get my shoes shined I gotta take their word, because I'm fat!
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
You should enjoy the little detours. To the fullest. Because that's where you'll find the things more important than what you want.
One thing is for certain, there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here. And I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords.
You won't find anyone else like me, you know. You won't find anyone who'd do for you like I've done for you.
Reading is a quick and efficient process because accomplished readers perceive patterns rather than individual letters.
I took for granted all the times that I thought would last somehow. I hear the laughter, I taste the tears, but I can't get near you now.
That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.
Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Because the maddest thing a man can do in this life is to let himself die.
Video killed the radio star. In my mind and in my car, we can't rewind, we've gone too far. Pictures came and broke your heart.
Who cares if you disagree? You are not me. Who made you king of anything? So you dare tell me who to be? Who died and made you king of anything?
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
Do you buy all these books retail or do you send away for like a shrink kit that comes with all these volumes included?
Johnny, I got a lot of people here who are a little depressed because the war just ended. Please give me a new song.
I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
The choice for mankind lies between freedom and happiness and for the great bulk of mankind, happiness is better.
I always feel a certain sense of reverence in libraries, even small city ones that smell like homeless internet users.
I was having this awful nightmare that I was 32. And then I woke up and I was 23. So relieved. And then I woke up for real, and I was 32.
The Light lives in all places. In all things. You can block it. Even try to trap it. But the Light will always find its way.
The world isn't run by weapons anymore, or energy, or money. It's run by little ones and zeroes, little bits of data. It's all just electrons.
We stare at broken clocks, the hands don't turn anymore. The days turn into nights, empty hearts and empty places.
I'm free to be whatever I choose, and I'll sing the blues if I want. I'm free to say whatever I like. If it's wrong or right it's alright.
And you're to tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head.
Your sins are terrible. It is just that you suffer. Your life could be redeemed, but I know you don't believe that. You will not change.
If I'm laden at all, I'm laden with sadness that everyone's heart isn't filled with the gladness of love for one another.
Obviously, if I was serious about having a relationship with someone long-term, the last people I would introduce him to would be my family.
Say, you're a lot smaller than my last master. Either that, or I'm getting bigger. Look at me from the side. Do I look different to you?
Get your lies prepared, you're next in line for judgment day. Now aren't you praying, aren't you begging that you're anyone else?
Elves seldom give unguarded advice, for advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill.
We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
Walk on the wall again. Climb the tower. Ride the river. Stare at the frescoes. I want to sit in the garden and read one more good book.
I would not like them here or there. I would not like them anywhere. I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-Am.
Look at this tree, Shifu: I cannot make it blossom when it suits me nor make it bear fruit before its time.
I can see the sun, but even if I cannot see the sun, I know that it exists. And to know that the sun is there - that is living.
I can't sing a love song like the way it's meant to be. I guess I'm not that good anymore, but baby, that's just me.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theater we have made love to be what it is not.
You want praise from people who kick themselves every fifteen minutes, the approval of people who despise themselves.
It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
I've interviewed several people, but you see, those that cook don't clean and those that clean don't speak any identifiable language.
To win back my youth, there is nothing I wouldn't do - except take exercise, get up early, or be a useful member of the community.
You'll remember me when the west wind moves upon the fields of barley. You'll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we walk in fields of gold.
Look, I know you're scared about where to go to college, but cuddle up and listen to papa. Life always works out. Usually.
If we had any nerve at all we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
My friend, the panda will never fulfill his destiny, nor you yours until you let go of the illusion of control.
Banana brains, you're the apple of my eye. Stay with me tonight 'cause I'm having the best time of my life.
I seem to be what I'm not, you see. I'm wearing my heart like a crown, pretending that you're still around.
There is mystery everywhere. Beneath rocks, there is damp earth and an army of ants planning a revolution.
I'm worse at what I do best and for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been and always will until the end.
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
A myth is a traditional story that attempts to explain such things as the origin of the world, mysteries of nature, or social customs.
There was no telling what people might find out once they felt free to ask whatever questions they wanted to.
Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.
If you give me just one more try we can pack up our old dreams and our old lives. We'll find a place where the sun still shines.
If you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, then you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
Then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it.
But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad.
I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
'Cause I was born a virgin covered in blood and free of sin, and that's the exact shape I wanna make when I jump off this bridge.
I must confess, I've made a mess of what should be a small success. But I digress, at least I've tried my very best, I guess.
For neither good nor evil can last for ever; and so it follows that as evil has lasted a long time, good must now be close at hand.
I offered her a job at the desk. You can imagine what she said to that. If the economy hadn't bottomed out, she might have got along all right.
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're a fool in love.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders, for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder.
I am a world before I am a man. I was a creature before I could stand. I will remember before I forget. Before I forget that!
Hello, welcome to Skype call testing service. After the beep, please record a message. Afterwards, your message will be played back to you.
For you, the day Bison graced your village, was the most important day in your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
Back beat, the word was on the street that the fire in your heart is out. I'm sure you've heard it all before, but you never really had a doubt.
What torments me is not the humps nor the hollows nor the ugliness. It is the sight, a little bit in all these men, of Mozart murdered.
There's bound to be rough waters and I know I'll take some falls, but with the good Lord as my captain I can make it through them all.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me. If you need me, let me know, gonna be around.
Cruz has never been my favorite person, I'll give you that. But an enemy? There's no sense in having those if we can help it.
What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide.
I saw her today at the reception, a glass of wine in her hand. I knew she was gonna meet her connection. At her feet was footloose man.
I don't need herbal enhancers to feel good about myself. And if you're so concerned about that, why don't you try eating some yourself?
Have you no hope at all? And do you really live with the thought that when you die, you die, and nothing remains?
Perhaps it might be better, Mr. President, if you were more concerned with the American People than with your image in the history books.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
I've made something of myself, I have the keys to the capitol, people respect me. But you, you're still nothing.
You thought you'd found a friend to take you out of this place. Someone you could lend a hand in return for grace.
Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.
Through the darkness of future past the magician longs to see. One chants out between two worlds. Fire walk with me.
And cruelly I recall why I have come: To find a reason. But there cannot be a reason, not for death, not like this.
I never thought I'd feel this way, and as far as I'm concerned I'm glad I got the chance to say that I do believe I love you.
The "present" is a leaf floating on top of the river. It moves along with the flow from past to the future.
I walk around with my arms out straight in front of me and recite these cliches. In a monotone. No inflection necessary.
Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace. I dream at night, I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I can't replace.
You have no respect for excessive authority or obsolete traditions. You're dangerous and depraved, and you ought to be taken outside and shot!
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here everything is soft and smooth.
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
I believe in angels, something good in everything I see. When I know the time is right for me I'll cross the stream.
There exists in human nature a strong propensity to depreciate the advantages, and to magnify the evils, of the present times.
Well, hey, I didn't spend all those years playing Dungeons and Dragons and not learn a little something about courage.
The day of death is better than the day of birth, a live dog is better than a dead lion, and the grave is better than poverty.
Hank, if you had the power to put companies out of business by just not being a customer, why am I still able to buy mouthwash?
Okay, you're out on the condition that you never enter your daughter in a beauty pageant in the state of California ever again. Ever.
This is the most uncomfortable coffin I've ever been in. Your selection is quite shoddy. You are wasting my time.
Never trust the living! We cannot have a routine haunting like yours provide proof that there is existence beyond death.
In the ninja world, those who break the rules are scum, that's true. But, those who abandon their friends are worse than scum.
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again.
The increase of disorder or entropy is what distinguishes the past from the future, giving a direction to time.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean.
Mail's here. Here's the mail, it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes it makes me want to yell MAIL!!!
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather.
He never did... anything that was... illegal... Unless you count all the times he sold dope disguised as a nun.
This was the story of Howard Beale: the first known instance of a man who was killed because he had lousy ratings.
My heart is like an open highway. Like Frankie said, I did it my way. I just want to live while I'm alive.
My brain was just pouring this stuff out. Everything I'd ever read, heard, seen was now organized and available.
Everyone around, love them. Put it in your hands, take it. There's no time to cry, happy. Put it in your heart where tomorrow shines.
As for me, I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
They got the greatest country in the world here. The highest standard of living. The grossest national product.
The sky is still blue. The clouds come and go. Yet something is different. Are we falling in love? Don't let yourself be hurt this time.
Sweet dreams are made of this. Who am I to disagree? I travel the world and the seven seas. Everybody's looking for something.
That's the way romance is. Usually that's the way that it goes, but every once in a while it goes the other way, too.
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine. Out of the back you fall in time, you somehow find, you and I collide.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?
As to your dead guy, occupational hazard. Drug dealer getting shot? I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it's been known to happen.
Maybe a story will cheer you up. It's called the ugly barnacle. Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died! The end.
Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody and you've got us feeling alright.
My mum's gonna kill me. And before you say it, that's not a metaphor. She's literally going to kill me. She's not the forgiving type.
A submarine safe is not to be confused with a safe in a submarine - a safe in a submarine is substantially safer than a submarine safe.
The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.
I still think picking a hero is overrated. You pick one, you admire them; a week later they've been arrested.
Yes, of course duct tape works in a near-vacuum. Duct tape works anywhere. Duct tape is magic and should be worshiped.
Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain't got no business doing wrong when he ain't ignorant and knows better.
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
We don't need it to prove out. We've got less than two weeks till the election, so we just need to distract them.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world.
All right. This town must be hot. They don't need a large ad or even correct spelling! Get me two tickets for whatever state Springfield is in!
Can you hear me, can you hear me? Through the dark night, far away I am dying, forever crying to be with you, who can say?
And why the winter suns so rush to bathe themselves in the sea and what slows down the nights to a long lingering crawl.
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks.
Jim said that bees won't sting idiots, but I didn't believe that, because I tried them lots of times myself and they wouldn't sting me.
I suggest you change your diet. It could lead to high blood pressure if you fry it. Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease.
It was far easier for you as civilized men to behave like barbarians than it was for them as barbarians to behave like civilized men.
Well obviously Lionel Tribbey is a brilliant lawyer whom we cannot live without or there would be very little reason not to put him in prison.
Last night while everyone was sleeping, I drove through my old neighborhood and resurrected memories from ashes.
What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
But when it is a question of the life of a king it is better to sacrifice the innocent than save the guilty.
Take me ten minutes to get a king size Coke and a wedge of pie. That is if that peckerwood ain't sold out yet.
This above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
You see I usually find myself among strangers because I drift here and there trying to forget the sad things that happened to me.
Astounding! An actual, functional Mogu construct machine. We cannot allow this to fall into the wrong hands.
I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.
I don't know whether it's necessary or not; but this I do know - that people are becoming stronger than life, wiser than life; that's evident.
And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.
I feel no grief for being called something which I am not; in fact, it's enthralling, somehow, like a good back rub.
My dear, here we must run as fast as we can, just to stay in place. And if you wish to go anywhere you must run twice as fast as that.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart, then you can start to make it better.
I don't know. Well, things are just never the way they seem, Arletta, you know that. A man's just gotta go his own way.
People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
It's my own fault, and nobody else's, that I got confused. I've been having so much fun, I forgot to take my medicine.
Summer has come and passed. The innocent can never last. Wake me up when September ends. Ring out the bells again like we did when spring began.
Do they not know that my subjects require for their exposition experience rather than the words of others?
Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinkin' of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy.
Miracles are illusions caused by insufficient observation and understanding. They're just... glorious misunderstandings.
He had set his features into the expression of quiet optimism which it was advisable to wear when facing the telescreen.
There's a side to you that I never knew. All the things you'd say, they were never true. And the games you play you would always win.
When I was little I like worshiped Halloween. And truthfully, part of me still does. 'Cause it's your one chance all year to be someone else.
It's wildly irritating to have invented something as revolutionary as sarcasm, only to have it abused by amateurs.
Perhaps most importantly, studying myths can teach us about people around the world - their cultures and what is (or was) important to them.
This has often been truncated to: History... is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
Forgive me for being so inquisitive but during the past few weeks I've wondered whether you might have some second thoughts about the mission.
Jalabhar Xho was all in feathers, plumage so fantastic and extravagant that he seemed like he was to take flight.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
I've found it. I've found it. I have found a reagent which is precipitated by hemoglobin, and by nothing else.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
She couldn't understand a vocation. Some people can't; at best, work's about status and paychecks for them, it hasn't got value in itself.
His dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him.
Let me say that I swear, on the souls of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here today.
It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day.
I don't think I'd have been in such a hurry to reach adulthood if I'd known the whole thing was going to be ad-libbed.
I came here to protect my son. I didn't come here to see you disguised by your church. I thought that was a shameful ceremony.
I know you know we've had some good times. Now they have their own hiding place. I can promise you tomorrow but I can't buy back yesterday.
Yeah. You know, it occurs to me that the best way you hurt rich people is by turning them into poor people.
I'm worse at what I do best. And for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been. And always will until the end.
You see, George, you've really had a wonderful life. Don't you see what a mistake it would be to throw it away?
You want to know what I want. I'll tell you what I want. I want back what Bobby Fischer took with him when he disappeared.
Because the extravagant cost of government saps industry with a withering hand. Don't forget that labour is quiet, and will stay quiet.
This is why dreams can be such dangerous things; they smolder on like a fire does, and sometimes consume us completely.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry. You don't know how lovely you are. I had to find you, tell you I need you, tell you I set you apart.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs. I play video games, which I think is a far superior addiction to any of those other ones.
When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
Looks like nothing's gonna change, everything still remains the same. I can't do what ten people tell me to do, so I guess I'll remain the same.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
For romantics would be seen as dangerous as free-thinkers. Until then, he saw great advantage to teaming up with her.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually.
The law is the true embodiment of everything that's excellent. It has no kind of fault or flaw, and I, my Lords, embody the law.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.
Look! If you had one shot, or one opportunity, to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment, would you capture it? Or just let it slip?
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?
Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other? Wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen.
You lured me away from home, just to save you from being alone. You stole my soul and that's a pain I can do without.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you.
Aw, man. You made friends with them. See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong.
The movements which work revolutions in the world are born out of the dreams and visions in a peasant's heart on the hillside.
You have been on my mind, I've been trying to let it go. I've been trying to find something as incredible.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
I have often wished to be human. I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behavior.
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.
This is a fundamental truth about any sort of practice: If you never push yourself beyond your comfort zone, you will never improve.
Donning his new canine decoder, Professor Schwartzman becomes the first human being on Earth to hear what barking dogs are actually saying.
My wife has been the most adorable person, a friend closest in my life, a most wonderful lover. We loved every minute of our lives together.
Here I am a record on a jukebox. A little piece of plastic with a hole, ooh. Play me. Buy me and you play me then my plastic turns to gold.
I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, but something touched me deep inside, the day the music died.
A mind not to be changed by place or time. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.
You can use your mother's old golf clubs. They're upstairs, gathering dust, along with the rest of her potential.
You're so deceitful you can't ask for water when you're thirsty. We could tangle spiders in the webs you weave.
Well, Cuphead and his pal Mugman, they like to roll the dice. By chance they came upon Devil's game and, gosh, they paid the price.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
Vowels were something else. He didn't like them and they didn't like him. There were only five of them, but they seemed to be everywhere.
After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
The right understanding of any matter and a misunderstanding of the same matter do not wholly exclude each other.
I wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep and find I'm king of the hill, top of the heap. These little town blues are melting away.
He's holding back, he's hiding - but what, I can't decide. Why won't he be the king I know he is, the king I see inside?
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her.
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
"F" is for friends who do stuff together. "U" is for you and me. "N" is for anywhere and anytime at all, down here in the deep blue sea!
As it turns out, Mount Kilimanjaro is not wi-fi enabled, so I had to spend two weeks in Tanzania talking to the people on my trip.
We sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you...
If I wasn't a key player in this whole conspiracy to brainwash the youth of America with rock music we could totally date!
Say not a word in death's favor; I would rather be a paid servant in a poor man's house and be above ground than king of kings among the dead.
I find chemistry to be magical. I find it an adventure, an exploration into the physical building blocks of our universe.
Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
Leave my door open just a crack, 'cause I feel like such an insomniac. Why do I tire of counting sheep, when I'm far too tired to fall asleep?
I said to myself, this is the business we've chosen; I didn't ask who gave the order, because it had nothing to do with business.
I'm not sure she's capable of any real feelings. She's television generation. She learned life from Bugs Bunny.
The most spectacular, amazing, unequivocally, unbelievable ending in the history of the world! And we don't even know who won!
You are beautiful on the inside; you are innocence personified, and I will drag you down and sell you out. Run away!
Let the present be less skewed. Let the feet we step set the meter. Let the seers reflect, redeem deeper - severe respect where jewels recess.
Carry on my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more.
You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
It's a rare occurrence, like a double rainbow. Or like someone on the Internet saying, "You know what? You've convinced me I was wrong."
And, thus, we could transform those dark days of humanity into a triumph of the human spirit, of modern humanitarianism.
What's in a name? That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
Stop! You have violated the Law! Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.
In the beginning there was discovery. A confusion of elements. The first snowfall of impossible change. Old lives undone, left behind.
You mean you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword and we'll try and kill each other like civilized people?
The streets looked small, of course. The streets that we have only seen as children always do, I believe, when we go back to them.
I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal.
"Don't blame you," said Marvin and counted five hundred and ninety-seven thousand million sheep before falling asleep again a second later.
Lean on me when you're not strong and I'll be your friend. I'll help you carry on, for it won't be long till I'm gonna need somebody to lean on.
Everything I know is wrong. Everything I do just comes undone and everything is torn apart. That's the hardest part.
The word science is derived from a Latin verb meaning "to know." Science is a way of knowing - an approach to understanding the natural world.
In a world of human wreckage where I'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground, I'm plowed into the sound.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o'clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.
Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time. I'm back.
That's a good idea. Four unidentifiable high school students lost their lives early this morning when their toy rocket exploded.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace.
Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance. What will your contribution be? How will history remember you?
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow.
They may torture my body, break my bones, even kill me, then they will have my dead body. Not my obedience!
Well, maybe the exposure affected his mind. Nonsensical repetitive behavior is a common trait of mental illness.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.
He smiled understandingly - much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it.
I also worked on their hydraulic system. If you ask me, I don't think one of those guys has seen a generator before in his life.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
And I forget just why I taste. Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile. I found it hard, it's hard to find. Oh well, whatever, never mind.
Basically, there are four factors that create irrational market behavior: overconfidence, biased judgments, herd mentality, and loss aversion.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy.
Hero - not the champion player who plays the perfect game. Not the glamour boy who loves to sell his name. Everybody's buying; nobody's hero.
When's it my turn? Wouldn't I love, love to explore that shore up above? Out of the sea, wish I could be part of that world.
And presently I was driving through the drizzle of the dying day, with the windshield wipers in full action but unable to cope with my tears.
If you've got enough time to fantasize about your beautiful death, why don't you live your life beautifully to the end?
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here. That way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
She laughed when there was no joke. She danced when there was no music. She had no friends, yet she was the friendliest person in school.
It's not when you realize that nothing can help you - religion, pride, anything - it's when you realize that you don't need any aid.
Wealth is a person's ability to survive so many number of days forward - or, if I stopped working today, how long could I survive?
Every whisper of every waking hour I'm choosing my confessions. Trying to keep an eye on you like a hurt, lost and blinded fool.
This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
Whenever you watch the mind, you withdraw consciousness from mind forms, and it then becomes what we call the watcher or the witness.
A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tired but then time is your misfortune.
It's been raining since you left me, now I'm drowning in the flood. You see I've always been a fighter, but without you I give up.
Does this look inanimate to you, punk? If I can move and I can talk, who's to say I can't do anything I want?
I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
He has no doubt that you will repay him. In one hour he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help. Be there to greet him.
I think it's good that we talk. I have a problem. Now I have to find out if it is my problem or your problem.
Well, my brother has a sword, and I have my mind. A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much, Jon Snow.
Little brat. I invent the game, find the kid, drag him up there, and he doesn't wanna be a Starfighter. I give up!
Tough and tuff are two different words. Tough is the same as rough; tuff means cool, sharp - like a tuff Mustang or a tuff record.
"No one ever arrives home," she says amiably. "But when the paths of friends meet, the whole world looks like home for a while."
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.
These things gotta happen every five years or so, ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. Been ten years since the last one.
Her Majesty created the Torchwood Institute with the express intention of keeping Britain great and fighting the alien horde.
My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You wanna be a true friend to them? Be honest, and unmerciful.
When the greatest hero of my party Abraham Lincoln debated he didn't need any rules. He wasn't afraid of a real debate.
Well, I got the secret weapon that can lay this little lady right away. Here we go. This country was ruined by Franklin Delano Roosevelt!
Since you won that Italian bike, man, you've been acting weird. You're really getting to think you're Italian, aren't you?
Have some of column A, try all of column B. I'm in the mood to help you, dude. You ain't never had a friend like me.
Friday night, always a good night for some Sabbath... 'cause, you know, Friday is the Sabbath for the Jews.
There is the heat of love, the pulsing rush of longing, the lover's whisper, irresistible - magic to make the sanest man go mad.
I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race: memory.
You know, pizza's actually not from Italy. I read that Marco Polo discovered it in China and then brought it back to Italy.
My lamp burns low, and I have written far into the night; but the dear presence, without which I were nothing, bears me company.
It was too big to be called a sword. Massive, thick, heavy, and far too rough. Indeed, it was a heap of raw iron.
I've got more sizzle than a rasher of bacon. I'm hungry and it ain't meals on wheels I'm after - it's you.
Pacific, Mountain, Central. You lose an hour, you gain an hour. This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world.
Ten percent of whatever they were gonna steal. One time, I "accidentally" left the watch case open and I got like 500 bucks!
Yes, I read the letter, you licentious quack! And what facile tripe it is! "We both need time to grow, to develop as people!"
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen.
He doesn't know anything. After all, he doesn't know that life is impossible here now. Nothing left here. The church is gone.
Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull.
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
I just can't sit any other way than this. If I sit the way other people do, my reasoning ability drops by 40%.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.
Of so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.
I enjoy talking to you. Your mind appeals to me. It resembles my own mind except that you happen to be insane.
In this world, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant. Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.
You can't blame me. They've been making statues for some two thousand years, and I've only been collecting for five.
If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
And I forgot the next verse. Oh well, I guess it pays to rehearse. The lyric sheet's so hard to find. What are the words? Oh, never mind.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
For tonight's final illusion, we have the incredible sack of mystery. If you put your money in it, it mysteriously disappears.
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms or the memory of a brother's smile?
She abandoned the two of you. I didn't. You should spend less time in a state of resistance, making up problems for yourself.
Felicitations, malefactors! I am endeavoring to misappropriate the formulary for the preparation of affordable comestibles! Who will join me?
"Look at that," she whispered, and then after a moment: "I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around."
It's too easy to criticize a man when he's out of favour, and to make him shoulder the blame for everybody else's mistakes.
Don't worry, Commander Rester, making assumptions is part of any investigation. If we're wrong, all it'll cost is an apology.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager.
I'm the great pretender, pretending that I'm doing well. My need is such I pretend too much. I'm lonely but no one can tell.
A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about.
How does it feel? Aw, how does it feel? To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone?
And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed.
It's said war - war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road... has reached its end.
It's like he wants us to be liked by everyone. I mean Led Zeppelin didn't write tunes everybody liked. They left that to the Bee Gees.
Remember: I am a cartoonist. If you follow my advice on safety around nuclear materials, you probably deserve whatever happens to you.
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses.
The Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localized entirely within your kitchen?
The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net.
This here is Daisy Domergue. She's wanted dead or alive for murder, so when that sun comes out, I'm taking this woman to hell!
Oh, trust me, Doc, bringing psychiatric drugs and teenagers together is like opening a lemonade stand in the desert.
And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you.
It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars.
Funding. That's what makes your ships go up. I'll tell you something, and you guys too: No bucks, no Buck Rogers.
A tinker's debt is always paid: Once for any simple trade. Twice for freely-given aid. Thrice for any insult made.
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you!
Hey, Blowhole, wherever you are, in forty-five minutes I'm going to be famous. And you know what you're going to be? A blowhole!
She hates time, make it stop. When did Motley Crue become classic rock? And when did Ozzy become an actor? Please make this stop.
It was unbelievable, but perhaps only the unbelievable could be believed. Perhaps the truth was always a lie.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.
Tell me your secrets and ask me your questions. Oh, let's go back to the start. Running in circles, coming up tails, heads on a science apart.
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tired.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm called an Angel Second Class. I have to earn them. And you'll help me, will you?
Besides, nowadays, almost all capable people are terribly afraid of being ridiculous, and are miserable because of it.
Lesser than Macbeth, and greater. Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none. So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.
Herbert, I do not need a computerized service to help me find girls. I meet 'em the old-fashioned way: I pick them up in bars.
Listen to me, Ned. His name is... If Robert finds out he'll kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned.
I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Yes. In the end you will walk out. Because 100,000 Englishmen simply cannot control 350 million Indians, if those Indians refuse to cooperate.
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
The beasts have claws and teeth! But you... You have fire! You have Zeus-like bolts to throw! And I? I have things to sell you...
Undoubtedly, philosophers are in the right when they tell us that nothing is great or little otherwise than by comparison.
You cannot, sir, take from me any thing that I will more willingly part withal: except my life, except my life, except my life.
Well I woke in mid-afternoon 'cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host.
Because people like you. You're quiet. You say "excuse me". You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning.
What's the matter with you guys? You all know he's guilty! He's got to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers!
I know what "exacerbate" means. There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.
Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain? But every cloud must drain.
Real mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod. Obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice. Giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake!
Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.
The brain best remembers things that are repeated, rhythmic, rhyming, structured, and above all easily visualized.
Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
Why can't I live as well as my parents did? Will I still have a job next year? What will happen to my kids?
You've gotta understand my position. I'm a coward, and Jareth scares me. - What kind of position is that? - No position! That's my point.
Hissing in rage, jaws gaping and fangs bared, the serpent shot forward, striking at Taran. Eilonwy screamed.
You there, my friend. Come, let me hold you. Now, with a sigh you grow warm in my hand, my friend, my clever friend.
It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
Silvio Dante: His brains are splattered all over the seat. Paulie Walnuts: Joey Peeps? Couldn't have been too much to clean up.
An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?"
Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
So long, Pop! I'm off to check my tiger trap! I rigged a tuna fish sandwich yesterday, so I'm sure to have a tiger by now!
I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why.
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
You know it's Nick Crompton and my collar stay poppin'. Yes, I can rap and no, I am not from Compton. England is my city.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change.
Jessie, Randolph was peculiar. Any man who would go to Ecuador to sell wall-to-wall carpet is not all there.
Do the Wall Street shuffle. Hear the money rustle. Watch the greenbacks tumble. Feel the Sterling crumble.
Whoa, pal, you aren't trying to cheat, are you? Now, I know that you know better. You're disqualified! Next time, play fair!
Here's our man. Yeah, all right. Here's me. Well, the guy playin' me anyway. Even though he don't look nothin' like me. But, whatever.
Mr. Worf, villains who twirl their mustaches are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well-camouflaged.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
I'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard to come by.
In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems.
Speak roughly to your little boy and beat him when he sneezes! He only does it to annoy, because he knows it teases!
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?
All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
Unbeknownst to most students of psychology, Pavlov's first experiment was to ring a bell and cause his dog to attack Freud's cat.
There's that word again: "heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
Amateurs, amateurs. Listen to me, Mr. Wright. In the courtroom, proof is everything. Without it, you have nothing. You ARE nothing.
I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left. I'll take a potato chip; AND EAT IT!
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
"I am frightened, too," he says. "We all are. But we are the Suarez family, Merci. We are strong enough to face this together."
I'll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
If you, under any circumstances, see "Little Indian, Big City," I will never let you read one of my reviews again.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut.
Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
You may serve the Speed Force, Flash, but I rule it. You are only a man, but I am a god, your god. I am Savitar!
Love will not be constrain'd by mastery. When mast'ry comes, the god of love anon beateth his wings, and, farewell, he is gone.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.
When is a legend a legend? Why is a myth a myth? How old and disused must a fact be for it to be relegated to the category "Fairy-tale"?
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet.
The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated.
Hey dol! Merry dol! Ring a dong, dillo! Ring a dong! Hop along! Fal lal the willow! Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
It's a fact. I'm a quack. The disgrace of the AMA. 'Cause my patients die. Yeah, my patients die before they can pay.
Delete copies of film? Yes. Delete memory of film from mankind's consciousness? Yes. Hey, even declared war on his surge protector...
Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Taran of Caer Dallben, do you have any idea what you're saying? Has the flame of Dyrnwyn scorched your wits?
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.
My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling, a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see.
Come, come here to meet T.B.C. If you want to ring the king, the computer is your thing. We, we, we are T., B. and C.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Heroes in a half-shell. Turtle power!
My ethicator machine must've had a built-in moral compromise spectral release phantasmatron! I'm a genius!
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.
Well, I'm your Vitameatavegamin girl! Are you tired, run down, listless? Do you pop out at parties? Are you un-poopular? Well, are you?
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now than he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man.
Wasn't it Salvatore Luciana, better known as Charlie "Lucky" Luciano, who organized the five families? Lucchese, Gambino, Bonnano, Profaci.
My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
Dwayne Elizondo Camacho... Five-time Ultimate Smackdown champion... Movie superstar... And president of the United States.
I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom. You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines).
"Can you fly this plane and land it?" "Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious and don't call me Shirley."
Swinging Belleville rendez-vous. Marathon dancing doop dee doop. Vaudou Cancan balais taboo. Au Belleville swinging rendez-vous.
"My stomach's full of butterflies!" lamented Dora Diller. Her mother sighed. "That's no surprise, you ate a caterpillar!"
Merry Christmas, movie house! Merry Christmas, Emporium! Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan!
The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!
By the early 1990s the first Internet language (HTTP) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelled q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p.
My turn. Kwyjibo. K-W-Y-J-I-B-O, 22 points, plus triple word score, plus 50 points for using all my letters. Game's over, I'm outta here.
A book can give you an experience of someone's life in a few hours, and this is far more profitable than any sale that's going on.
You have had some very strange adventures, I hear, said Gloin. "I wonder greatly what brings four hobbits on so long a journey."
If I'm at a party where I'm not enjoying myself, I will put some cookies in my jacket pocket and leave without saying goodbye.
People tend to think that their beliefs are absolutely true - but in reality these beliefs are true only for them.
As a young child my mother told me I could be anyone I want to be. Turns out this is called identity theft.
I've never been to this part of the castle, at least while awake. I sleepwalk you see, that's why I wear shoes to bed.